Add docfx and documentation style guide (#103)
bonsai-rx/docs: articles/documentation-style-guide.md

- These articles can also be combined into larger conceptual `Manual` articles, providing organizational flexibility.
- Writing individual operator articles ensures complete coverage of all operators.

Creating an individual operator article requires some additional steps.
For example, to create an individual operator article for a `PredictPoses` operator that will be included in a "Network Inference" `Manual` article as well as in the automatically generated `Reference` doc:

1) Create the `Bonsai_Sleap_PredictPoses.md` article and place it in the `docs/apidoc` folder. To utilize the `overwrite` function, in the markdown file, assign a UID that follows the namespace.operator format. 

```yml
---
uid: Bonsai.Sleap.PredictPoses
---
Write content here.
```

2) Create a `Network-Inference.md` article and place it in the `docs/articles` folder. In the markdown file, include a reference to the individual operator.md file.

```markdown
Other 
[!include[Title](../apidoc/Bonsai_Sleap_PredictPoses.md)]
```
> [!NOTE]  
> The title is optional.

### Reference section

> As mentioned the `Reference` section of the website is auto-generated from [XML documentation comments](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/xmldoc/recommended-tags) in the code. A unique feature we have integrated into the Bonsai Editor is that when users when users right click on individual operators they will be shown the `Reference` page for that operator. For many users, this might be the most obvious entry point to the package documentation. Thus it is essential that developers ensure that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned the `Reference` section of the website is auto-generated from [XML documentation comments](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/xmldoc/recommended-tags) in the code. We have integrated into the Bonsai Editor the ability to right-click on individual operators and select `View Help`. This will bring up and load the `Reference` page for that operator in the editor itself. For most people, this might be the most obvious entry point to the package documentation. Thus it is essential that developers ensure that:
```

1) XML documentation comments are clear, simple and helpful.
2) Where appropriate, supplement additional information (basic workflow, images, long-form content) with an individual operator article using the `overwrite` function detailed in the previous section.

> At present, we understand that the default template for the `Reference` page is a little too technically oriented, and somewhat confusing for Bonsai users to navigate. We are in the midst of revamping the template to cater to a broader audience and will update this section when it becomes availiable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At present, we understand that the default template for the `Reference` page is a little too technical, and somewhat confusing to navigate. We are in the midst of revamping the template to cater to a broader audience and will update this section when it becomes available.
```

### Tutorials section

> For the tutorials section, we suggest creating individual pages for various applications where the package is likely to be used. For each application, guide learners through the workflow step by step, organizing it into separate exercises with clear objectives and visible results. This structure makes the content more accessible and manageable for learners, especially for complex workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the tutorials section, we suggest creating individual pages for various applications where the package is likely to be used. For each application, try to guide learners through the workflow step by step, organizing it into separate exercises with clear objectives and visible results. This structure makes the content more accessible and manageable, especially for complex workflows.
```

#### Submodule
For packages with extensive tutorials, multimedia and other large files, a separate repository can be created and imported as a submodule.

A tutorial submodule can be added with the following command in the `docs` directory:

```powershell

> git submodule add https://github.com/bonsai-rx/machinelearning-examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git submodule add https://github.com/bonsai-rx/package-examples
```

Using a non-existing repo name here to make sure people are forced to change the command line.

```

In addition, the `docfx.json` file needs to be modified to import the relevant resources. For an example of how to setup a Tutorial submodule, refer to the [Bonsai Machine Learning Package](https://github.com/bonsai-rx/machinelearning) package and its submodule [Machine Learning Examples](https://github.com/bonsai-rx/machinelearning-examples).

## Article formatting guide 

In docfx, articles are written in [Markdown](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/markdown.html?tabs=linux%2Cdotnet) and rendered with the [Markdig](https://github.com/xoofx/markdig) parsing engine. Refer to these links for more information on how to format content in markdown.

When writing articles, please follow the [MSDN writing tips](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/global-communications/writing-tips). In particular:

> - Keep article and section titles short and succinct so that the table of contents that appears on the left and right sidebar are easier to read (and also to assist in machine translation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep article and section titles short and succinct so that the table of contents that appears on the left and right sidebar are easier to read (and also to assist in machine translation).
```

- Reuse operator names, properties, and descriptions in the articles and titles (do not use synonyms) so that readers may more easily follow and refer to them.
- Use the imperative style i.e. "Link hardware triggers" rather than "Linking hardware triggers".

> ### Linking content 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Content links 
```

When linking to content (either images, or other articles, or workflow containers) use relative paths in this format:

**Example:**

For content in the same folder:

```markdown
./content.md
```

For content in a different folder, use `../` to navigate up to the parent folder, and then specify the folder with the content like this:

```markdown
../images/bonsai-screenshot.svg
```

### Cross-references and highlights

> When working on an article, first check [the main documentation](https://bonsai-rx.org/docs/) to see what written material might already exist that could be linked if it would be helpful and to avoid duplication. Link resources like websites for external libraries for users to explore for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working on an article, first check [the main documentation](https://bonsai-rx.org/docs/) to see what written material might already exist that could be linked if it would be helpful and to avoid duplication. Link resources like websites for external libraries which may be useful to explore for more information.
```

For example, the `DigitalOutput` node is part of the `Bonsai.Arduino` namespace/package. To reference this you need to specify the full path to it including namespace, operator name, like so: `xref:Bonsai.Arduino.DigitalOutput`. To find out the full path for any node, right-click on the operator of interest in Bonsai and select the option "Go to Definition" or hit F12. 

When referring to operator properties, simply place the operator property name inside a pair of backticks (`` `Operator_property_name` ``). 

**Example:**

```markdown
### **Exercise 7:** Control an LED
- Insert a [`Boolean`](xref:Bonsai.Expressions.BooleanProperty) source.
- Insert a [`DigitalOutput`](xref:Bonsai.Arduino.DigitalOutput) sink.
- Set the `Pin` property of the [`DigitalOutput`](xref:Bonsai.Arduino.DigitalOutput) operator to 13.
- Configure the `PortName` property.
- Run the workflow and change the `Value` property of the [`Boolean`](xref:Bonsai.Expressions.BooleanProperty) operator.
```

You can also link to operators in other packages if their [xrefmap](./documentation-docfx.md#configuring-docfx) is included in `docfx.json`.

### Bonsai workflows

> To include and/or reference an example workflow in an article of the documentation, first create the example workflow in a Bonsai workflow editor and save the workflow as `articleFileName-workflowName`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include and/or reference an example workflow in an article of the documentation, first create the example workflow in a Bonsai workflow editor and save the workflow as `articleFileName-workflowName.bonsai`. 
```

Add the `.bonsai` file to the `workflows` folder in the repository. In the text of the article that includes/references this example workflow, add a workflow container.

**Example:**

Assuming you want to include `CustomPulseTrain-SendCustomWaveform.bonsai`: 

```markdown
:::workflow
![Send Custom Waveform](../workflows/CustomPulseTrain-SendCustomWaveform.bonsai)
:::
```

> Workflow images are automatically exported as SVGs by the [docfx-tools](https://github.com/bonsai-rx/docfx-tools) submodule and requires the [build.ps1](./documentation-docfx.md#docfx-folder-organization) file and a [local bonsai environment](./documentation-docfx.md#repository-organization). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflow images are automatically exported as SVG files by the [docfx-tools](https://github.com/bonsai-rx/docfx-tools) submodule and requires the [build.ps1](./documentation-docfx.md#docfx-folder-organization) file and a [local bonsai environment](./documentation-docfx.md#repository-organization). 
```

In general, we have converged on three types of articles, organized into distinct website sections, to address the needs of most people and their different learning styles.

* `Manual` - articles explaining the core concepts of the package and functions of its various operators.
* `Reference` - technical documentation for each operator, generated automatically by `docfx` from XML comments in source code or supplemented with individual operator articles.

> * `Tutorials` - examples or tutorials about using the package. This section is optional, but valuable for more complex applications or when packages interoperate deeply with other packages.

Reviewer: Thanks, I will rephrase.

### Cross-references and highlights

> When working on an article, first check [the main documentation](https://bonsai-rx.org/docs/) to see what written material might already exist that could be linked if it would be helpful and to avoid duplication. Link resources like websites for external libraries which may be useful to explore for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working on an article, first check [the main documentation](../index.md) to see what written material might already exist that could be linked if it would be helpful and to avoid duplication. Link resources like websites for external libraries which may be useful to explore for more information.
```
